Splunkpy - Fixing fetch to avoid missing events (#11818)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/1_3_3.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Fixed an issue where some events were dropped, instead of being properly fetched, while taking edge cases into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where some events were dropped instead of being properly fetched
- Improved fetch resiliency by addressing certain edge cases.
```
